Ice cream (derived from earlier iced cream or cream ice) is a sweetened frozen food typically eaten as a snack
or dessert. It may be made from dairy milk or cream and is flavoured with a sweetener, either sugar or an alternative,
and any spice, such as cocoa or vanilla. Colourings are usually added, in addition to stabilizers. The mixture is
stirred to incorporate air spaces and cooled below the freezing point of water to prevent detectable ice crystals
from forming. The result is a smooth, semi-solid foam that is solid at very low temperatures (below 2 °C or 35 °F).
It becomes more malleable as its temperature increases.
The meaning of the name "ice cream" varies from one country to another. Terms such as "frozen custard," "frozen
yogurt," "sorbet," "gelato," and others are used to distinguish different varieties and styles. In some countries,
such as the United States, "ice cream" applies only to a specific variety, and most governments regulate the
commercial use of the various terms according to the relative quantities of the main ingredients, notably the amount
of cream.[2] Products that do not meet the criteria to be called ice cream are sometimes labelled "frozen dairy
dessert" instead.[3] In other countries, such as Italy and Argentina, one word is used for all variants. Analogues
made from dairy alternatives, such as goat's or sheep's milk, or milk substitutes (e.g., soy, cashew, coconut, almond
milk or tofu), are available for those who are lactose intolerant, allergic to dairy protein, or vegan.
Ice cream may be served in dishes, for eating with a spoon, or licked from edible cones. Ice cream may be served
with other desserts, such as apple pie, or as an ingredient in ice cream floats, sundaes, milkshakes, ice cream
cakes and even baked items, such as Baked Alaska. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toilet_paper_orientation

Literally speaking, bulgogi (불고기) means “fire meat”. It is often made with tender parts of beef, pork or chicken.
However, in general terms, unless specified, bulgogi is made with beef.
Undoubtedly it is one of the most well-known Korean traditional foods and it has been around for thousands of years.
Naturally, the cooking method of bulgogi evolved over time and it varies by region too.
However, to narrow our focus down, we will be talking about the most common way of making beef bulgogi
in modern times.

WHAT CUT OF BEEF DO I USE 
As I briefly mentioned above, the tender parts of beef are ideal to use in bulgogi. And commonly used ones are
top sirloin and beef tenderloin. During my research though, I discovered that different countries have different
naming conventions for these cuts, which made me rather confused!Anyway, I love making my bulgogi with scotch
fillet (known as rib eye in the US). It is a tad more expensive than other popular steak cuts, but not as expensive
as eye fillet (known as beef tenderloin in the US).
Scotch fillet / rib eye is known to have more flavor and juicy texture than other steak cuts. It also has a good
amount of marbling, so cooking it over a grill or pan frying is quite suitable for this cut.
HOW TO CUT BULGOGI BEEF
Until recently, I’ve been exclusively using pre-cut bulgogi from a Korean grocer. Yes, you can buy this meat
that’s already sliced from a Korean grocer / Korean butcher. Just watch out for the label “bulgogi meat” in the
fridge / freezer section. But I just became so unhappy with the degrading quality of meat I’ve been getting
from my local Korean grocer. The meat wasn’t fresh and it had too much gristle, so it was rather unpleasant to eat.
Put the tray into the freezer and let the meat partially freeze for about 2 to 2.5 hours. (The time can vary depending
on your freezer setting, the thickness and size of the meat). The meat is ready if your knife goes through smoothly
and you’re not having difficulties in thinly slicing it. If you do, you should put the meat back into the freezer and
freeze it a bit longer.
Remove the meat from the freezer and remove the cling wrap. Slice the meat thinly across the grain. Ideal thickness
is 2mm to 3mm (1/8 inch). Now the meat is ready to be marinated with bulgogi sauce!
https://mykoreankitchen.com/bulgogi-korean-bbq-beef/